Install RAM in 3 App nodes (#69)
BCDevOps/platform-services-status-page-notifications: notifications/04-22-20-1700.md

**When?**

TBD as the RAM hasn't arrived at the datacenter yet, but is expected early next week. This will likely take place Wednesday April 22nd @ 17:00 - 19:00. But may get moved to Thursday if needed.

**Will there be an impact on the Platform apps?**

At 5pm we'll issue a `oc adm drain` on the nodes, one node at a time. This will delete any pods on those hosts. Your ReplicationControllers will then take over and create new pods to maintain the scale factor you've configured and the scheduler will place them onto new hosts.

If your application is designed to be highly available then losing one pod should be a non-issue. If that pod is the only one supporting your app their may be up to 10 minutes of downtime while it starts up on another node.

To assist teams with performing a more controlled move of their pods we will be unscheduling the affected nodes Monday April 20th @ 10:00. After that time you may delete your pod at your convenience and let it schedule to another node.

**Do I need to do anything?**

> If you application is sensitive to pod restarts you should proactivly move them between Monday morning when the nodes are unscheduled and Wednesday evening when they will be drained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you application is sensitive to pod restarts you should proactivly move them between Monday morning when the nodes are unscheduled and Wednesday evening when they will be drained.
```
If your application is sensitive to pod restarts you should proactively

> If your application is sensitive to pod restarts you should proactively move them between Monday morning when the nodes are unscheduled and Wednesday evening when they will be drained.

Author: Handled in 520aa46 with `move them to other nodes by deleting them and letting them be restarted onto other nodes.`

**Do I need to do anything?**

> If your application is sensitive to pod restarts ( not recommended ) you should proactively move them to other nodes by deleting them and letting them be restarted onto other nodes. This should be done between Monday morning when the nodes are unscheduled and Wednesday evening when they will be drained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your application is sensitive to pod restarts ( which is considered a bad design ) you should proactively move the pods to other nodes by deleting them and letting them be restarted onto other nodes. This should be done between Monday morning when the nodes are unscheduled and Wednesday evening when they will be drained.
```
